I don't know if it's just me but i feel like, there's something sinful in being a trans man. Especially, transitioning.

First thing, I feel i'm betraying, destroying. were i made to be a nurturing soft mother or something... no we aren't "made" in the first place. no, even if i were a woman, i wouldn't owe that to anyone.

this is framed to look like crushing a flower and building something artificial instead, ugly manifestation of mechanic force, poor substitution of a man. framed to look like a terrible rape (it is wrong to use that word but as i have been accused of raping my own body, and i do have experienced actual rape, i am repeating the word here, to ridicule its use. ) and mutilation (this word choice is wrong also, against victims of FGM) of an innocent female body. there is something in there that one does not talk about. 

(i know i was pretty.)


but it is only pretty "women" they pity. and it is only their bodies they pity. if they don't care a shit of my soul and would lock me to the undescribable hell of dysphoria for the rest of my life, just because my body is beautiful to see, then all the more happily will i cut off my breasts and ovaries and sew my vagina shut so they will be disgusted. 

and there is nothing that really makes an "artificial" body such as mine worse than a "natural" one. risk of breast cancer is almost nullified, ovary cancer cannot happen, and prostate or testes have never existed. (Dunno if testosterone is healthy though, but dysphoria would have cut my life expectancy a lot more.)  

and yet. there is another guilt, and this is much worse.

it does not matter if my desire to change was pure or not, for i had not chosen it and would have acted same way in all meaningful worlds. but i already have blood in my hands. i benefit of the daily oppression of women and those who are seen as women. in few months as my voice dropped i gained privilege that an excellence of lifetime, rescuing lives, a nobel prize, leadership of a country would not have brought me. i am now seen as a human being at the cost of women seen as non-human - did i betray them? 

probably i did and i would do it again even if i knew. if i had been given a choice of killing another person and getting my treatments, i would have killed. 

(if i had been given a choice between dying and not getting my treatments, i would have died.)

this is the worst. i would do anything, anything to not to be returned to the hell i escaped. i would die or i would kill. 

i think it is just the egoism shared by most humans, exposed. many would kill to live, many if not most would kill to escape torture. and this is not comforting, only disheartening. a human is a beast to another human and a human who is already called a beast, will gain nothing but pain trying to pretend to be a humanly human. 

i am not good. i deserve the accusation of choosing the side of oppressor.  what enrages me is the cis men not being accused, them not being forced to choose, not being made to state that they are men by their identity and not by their body, not being forced to live through the misogyny, 

what i would want to do is to have this body but refuse to legitimize myself, refuse the privilege, but i cannot, as the privilege has already been granted because of the body. 

is manhood just privilege, is it the place in the power matrix, is it something else than oppression? even though i'm disgusted by certain aspects of manhood, i find myself adopting even them, and 

the problem is that if the body doesn't have any connection to manhood, what is left appears to be just the power over the not-men and exclusion of them. there is so little, if any, social masculinity that doesn't ache as exlusion of women. it feels good to be accepted by my male peers. the intimacy, the trust, the humor, the group dynamics, and yet every single of these hurts as i remember how i was rejected before, how women are rejected all the time and i'm to blame too, and how many "non-passing" trans men and non-binary people are rejected.

the problem is that learning the concept of patriarchy, I am now unable to distinguish it from the male gender. It may be there is something I don't see (please help me to see the difference, if you see it.)

perhaps i should, instead of dripping ash over myself as i continue to oppress, to find genuine masculinity that doesn't oppress. i wonder if i simply can be something new and call it manhood. i wonder if i could stain the cis manhood with my irresponsible, pitiful and mutilated womanhood they assign to me, if i could throw it back to their faces some way. 

so now it has turned all around

they say i cannot be a cis man - being an abomination is much better
they say i cannot be a real man - being a fake man is much better
they say i am an infertile medically altered woman - so you speak me free of my guilt and still grant me my body, great. 

if i don't care, all the misgendering is reflected back to the misgenderers, at least as long as i don't care. but i care. not for my own sake but for those it hurts and for the will to defy the authorities. i simply want to destroy the gendering apparatus. i guess that once one has seen how it works it is only natural to find joy in sabotaging it. like trolling, i suppose.  

So i no longer care about if I'm called a woman or a she. You cannot hurt me that way anymore. But I will still resist (dirty and low) if it happens, because misgendering one trans person, you are subtly misgendering every trans person and that is wrong.

And yeah, I'm aware that being able to not to care is a privilege in itself.     